when given any situation, the most important thing you can do Thio kind
of assess it, and how you should handle is to kind of realize you
and your team's part in that situation. There's an inclination to think
about the overall implications of what that situation means, and
sometimes that can lead you to think about things that are outside
your purview. Um, if you do that, then you can easily get overwhelmed
with this situation and trying to think of answers to problems that
aren't being asked. Asked about uh, so understanding where you fit
in that situation where your team fits in that situation can help bound
to the problem so that you can deal with something a little more
tractable. Let other people deal with the three other aspects you
need to be able to deal with your at your particular responsibility
as it applies to that situation.